Just to clarify why I am a bit selfish and prefer following my happiness at any cost once and for all.

2 years ago I had a serious depression.I did not feel like doing anything.I did not had a purpose in life and I didn't knew where I was headed.My friend used to mock me "What's 
the point of traveling when you don't know where you are traveling to".I felt till now I was following the crowd and going whichever
location seemed most secure.Naive as I was.Months passed by and I still couldn't find my purpose.I was feeling suffocated and finally, the 
point came When I could no longer live with myself. The ego Death.The loss of self as Ekhart Tolle calls it.I made a list of things that would
give me most happiness if achieved cause what's the point of living if you are not happy.A child lives to be happy maybe that why he/she
smiles better than most adults.I rearranged the list from easiest to achieve to most difficult to achieve and I went on checking them off one after another.I felt so happy with the result that I decided to always follow my heart.

Moreover I realised I have been living through the opinions of others and thought it was best for me to form my own opinion of life and 
what's best for me. A bit selfishness can help as it is basically putting yourself before others. Although taking this to other extreme and being guided by just for your benifit and not caring about others at all is bad. I think you cannot make everyone happy in this world at even a single time although the 1 person you can make happy forever is yourself and only you can do that.No one else has a power to make you happy.Think about this. I have had a lot of problems with selfish/egotist people in past and I wanted to change them to make them care more about others including me. As it turns out my this desire is also selfish, because in a way this would have benifited me and improved my self confidence plus fullfill the desire to keep people like me around me. Human beings are inherently selfish, if some cells of body get infected then the good cells sacrifice the bad cells to save themselves. This is completely normal. When I realized this and thought that nobody has time to think about others and it would be best if everyone though about their self as it would solve all problems, My life became quickly happier and easier. I continue to follow this philosophy. Think about yourself and do things that would give you most happiness and make your life worth living.
