To understand me you need to understand my past.
I really wanted to get into IIT but I understood this after I had already failed once and taken a drop year and was already
half way through the drop.Before that I was involved in meaningless tasks which would just give me immediate satisfaction.
I wanted to show people that I was successful,smart and superior to them.I didn't knew that this was how people failed.I
realised an year later that I want to start my own business.I got into the worst college I could have chosen where most of
the people had negetive attitudes towards life.The attitude that would surely take them to the bottom of the human pyramid.
In college I had already given up thinking that if you don't get into IIT then you don't stand a chance in life.You will never
amount to anythng big in life. My surrounding believed that too. Can't blame them well we are all victims to negaivity.But
we don't always have to. I decided I won't be anymore. I decided I was born to be an entrepreneur and I am gonna be best at
this one task. Further I want to be technology entrepreneur because thats the reson my intuition guided me to computer science
in this shitty college. That day was the turning point of my life. I found meaning in the shower. 

From that day on I have been struggling. I had struggles keeping friends as I just couldn't tollerate mediocrity neither in 
myself nor in others.If someone can't help being mediocre atleast they can try not to.People are lazy and complacent and that's
the reason for lack of growth of our society.Anyways I dove into college course to understand how tehcnology actually works
and how I can utilize it for my future busisness. Unfortunately there was no practical benifit for collge studies.Although I
did develop the qualities neccessary for a leader to survive.I learn't  to be my own teacher and how to survive alone.
Depression and identity crisis try to push me down and keep me at the bottom but I knew only way is through.
To escape the depression I would always ask myself what can I do to make myself happy and the answer was always in the direction
of entrepreneurship.Although following my heart did bring a lot of unhappiness along the way yet it was'nt that painful.

Still I am struggling.I have learnt a lot and I don't think there is an end to it.I will always keep learning and the process 
will never complete even when I am dead. I can't convince myslef to do a job.I don't think I am happy with building someone 
else's dream.I have my own dream and I must spend all my resources to that.The fear haunts you sometimes.What will happen I fail
I have deceided this is my path and the sooner I accept it the faster I am gonna each my destination.Risk will always exist.
To live is to risk you will die.We are here to take control of fear and not the other way around.So life has left me only one 
option.The only way I can be truly happy is by hustling.Money doesn't motivate but making a differnce does.I was bascally lookig 
for a part time job where I can get some money to apply to my business and at the same time meet some awesome people to work with.
I thought it would have been interesting and thats how most people begin at the start.But I guess it doesn't work for me. 
I have tried this multiple times and left the process in the middle.Sometimes my mother would ask me to drop it and sometimes I 
would drop it myself because I had a bad intuition. I have decided to never apply for another job.This would be my new 
challenge. To earn without working for someone 9-5 .This is the only way to become who I want to.I have to cut all strings.
I have to be self sufficient and support myself. I was afraid of this but I guess this is the only way.
.Just yesterday I was asked to work for 5k a month.That's like peanuts.I can't work for that.I would rather be a slave to
myself rather than working as a slave for someone else. Its time to light up my way and give up every thing that's holding me back.

